
Space Age
Given an age in seconds, calculate how old someone is in terms of a given planet's solar years.

Linked List
Implement a doubly linked list

Pascals Triangle
Compute Pascal's triangle up to a given number of rows.

Secret Handshake
Given a decimal number, convert it to the appropriate sequence of events for a secret handshake.

Rotational Cipher
Create an implementation of the rotational cipher, also sometimes called the Caesar cipher.

Grade School
Given students' names along with the grade that they are in, create a roster for the school

Robot Name
Manage robot factory settings.

Wordy
Parse and evaluate simple math word problems returning the answer as an integer.

List Ops
Implement basic list operations

Rational Numbers
Implement rational numbers.

Hamming
Calculate the Hamming difference between two DNA strands.

Run Length Encoding
Implement run-length encoding and decoding.

Isogram
Determine if a word or phrase is an isogram.

Beer Song
Produce the lyrics to that beloved classic, that field-trip favorite: 99 Bottles of Beer on the Wall.

Phone Number
Clean up user-entered phone numbers so that they can be sent SMS messages.

Anagram
Given a word and a list of possible anagrams, select the correct sublist.

Food Chain
Generate the lyrics of the song 'I Know an Old Lady Who Swallowed a Fly'

Etl
We are going to do the `Transform` step of an Extract-Transform-Load.

Sublist
Write a function to determine if a list is a sublist of another list.

Grains
Calculate the number of grains of wheat on a chessboard given that the number on each square doubles.

Triangle
Determine if a triangle is equilateral, isosceles, or scalene.

Clock
Implement a clock that handles times without dates.

Perfect Numbers
Determine if a number is perfect, abundant, or deficient based on Nicomachus' (60 - 120 CE) classification scheme for natural numbers.

Word Count
Given a phrase, count the occurrences of each word in that phrase.

Acronym
Convert a long phrase to its acronym

Scrabble Score
Given a word, compute the scrabble score for that word.

Roman Numerals
Write a function to convert from normal numbers to Roman Numerals.

Circular Buffer
A data structure that uses a single, fixed-size buffer as if it were connected end-to-end.

Raindrops
Convert a number to a string, the contents of which depend on the number's factors.

Allergies
Given a person's allergy score, determine whether or not they're allergic to a given item, and their full list of allergies.

Strain
Implement the `keep` and `discard` operation on collections. Given a collection and a predicate on the collection's elements, `keep` returns a new collection containing those elements where the predicate is true, while `discard` returns a new collection containing those elements where the predicate is false.

Atbash Cipher
Create an implementation of the atbash cipher, an ancient encryption system created in the Middle East.

Accumulate
Implement the `accumulate` operation, which, given a collection and an operation to perform on each element of the collection, returns a new collection containing the result of applying that operation to each element of the input collection.

Crypto Square
Implement the classic method for composing secret messages called a square code.

Trinary
Convert a trinary number, represented as a string (e.g. '102012'), to its decimal equivalent using first principles.

Sieve
Use the Sieve of Eratosthenes to find all the primes from 2 up to a given number.

Octal
Convert a octal number, represented as a string (e.g. '1735263'), to its decimal equivalent using first principles (i.e. no, you may not use built-in or external libraries to accomplish the conversion).

Luhn
Given a number determine whether or not it is valid per the Luhn formula.

Pig Latin
Implement a program that translates from English to Pig Latin

Pythagorean Triplet
There exists exactly one Pythagorean triplet for which a + b + c = 1000. Find the product a * b * c.

Series
Given a string of digits, output all the contiguous substrings of length `n` in that string.

Difference Of Squares
Find the difference between the square of the sum and the sum of the squares of the first N natural numbers.

Proverb
For want of a horseshoe nail, a kingdom was lost, or so the saying goes. Output the full text of this proverbial rhyme.

Flatten Array
Take a nested list and return a single list with all values except nil/null

Hexadecimal
Convert a hexadecimal number, represented as a string (e.g. "10af8c"), to its decimal equivalent using first principles (i.e. no, you may not use built-in or external libraries to accomplish the conversion).

Largest Series Product
Given a string of digits, calculate the largest product for a contiguous substring of digits of length n.

Kindergarten Garden
Given a diagram, determine which plants each child in the kindergarten class is responsible for.

Binary Search
Implement a binary search algorithm.

Binary Search Tree
Insert and search for numbers in a binary tree.
Robot Simulator
Write a robot simulator.
Nth Prime
Given a number n, determine what the nth prime is.
Palindrome Products
Detect palindrome products in a given range.
Say
Given a number from 0 to 999,999,999,999, spell out that number in English.
Custom Set
Create a custom set type.
Sum Of Multiples
Given a number, find the sum of all the multiples of particular numbers up to but not including that number.
Queen Attack
Given the position of two queens on a chess board, indicate whether or not they are positioned so that they can attack each other.
Saddle Points
Detect saddle points in a matrix.
Ocr Numbers
Given a 3 x 4 grid of pipes, underscores, and spaces, determine which number is represented, or whether it is garbled.
Meetup
Calculate the date of meetups.
Bracket Push
Make sure the brackets and braces all match.
Two Bucket
Given two buckets of different size, demonstrate how to measure an exact number of liters.
Bowling
Score a bowling game
Diamond
Given a letter, print a diamond starting with 'A' with the supplied letter at the widest point.
All Your Base
Convert a number, represented as a sequence of digits in one base, to any other base.
Minesweeper
Add the numbers to a minesweeper board
Alphametics
Write a function to solve alphametics puzzles.
Simple Linked List
Write a simple linked list implementation that uses Elements and a List
Diffie Hellman
Diffie-Hellman key exchange.
Change
Correctly determine change to be given using the least number of coins
Connect
Compute the result for a game of Hex / Polygon
Collatz Conjecture
Calculate the number of steps to reach 1 using the Collatz conjecture
Twelve Days
Output the lyrics to 'The Twelve Days of Christmas'
Transpose
Take input text and output it transposed.
Protein Translation
Translate RNA sequences into proteins.
Zipper
Creating a zipper for a binary tree.
Isbn Verifier
Check if a given string is a valid ISBN-10 number.
Forth
Implement an evaluator for a very simple subset of Forth
Variable Length Quantity
Implement variable length quantity encoding and decoding.
Rectangles
Count the rectangles in an ASCII diagram.
Armstrong Numbers
Determine if a number is an Armstrong number